hi people we're going to show you the
play time share 44 Toy Story 3
here's his box you can get him at Toys R
Us or Walmart so here he is he's got
things just like the real charity um the
movie he's got in the back if you open
up the back of them there's a mold
called Billy Moore will be tiny off and
play you want to have it on play pumps
and try it it has it also has 25 sings
just like snake in my boot
someone poisoned the waterhole something
like that
so now Eric would you take his head off
because he makes something I found if
you take his head off sometimes
okay try it again why isn't it working I
don't know why so he would say hey
where's yours where'd my hat go and also
when you put it back guys like hey you
found my hat it probably is like a
button right here and then pretty hard
did I take this thing Eric might have
turned them off did you turn off here no
he's stolen playing well I'm sorry I
said they were it was just working a
little bit ago we square right yeah well
closed string on the back here
that's a review on our Sheriff Woody
doll he comes exactly like the same one
his knees bend his arms Bend he's even
got the sheriff woody badge and buckle
well if you want this
he was $30
I'm pretty sure you was $30 music 30
something like there - well go out and
buy yourself a sheriff or decoy see
y'all guys bye and look back at our
channel for more toy reviews on toy
story
see ya